Rework retail environment setup and formulas pages (#877)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-formulas-intro.adoc

You can use the {productname} {webui} to apply common {productname} formulas.
For the most commonly used formulas, see xref:salt:formulas-intro.adoc[].

All formulas must be accurately configured for your {smr} installation to function correctly.
If you are unsure of the correct formula configuration details, run the [command]``retail_branch_init`` command before you begin to create the recommended formula configuration.
You can then manually edit the formulas as required.

== {smr} Branch Server Formulas

Branch servers are configured using formulas. Formulas can be configured using {susemgr} {webui}, and {susemgr} XMLRPC API.
To fully configure {smr} environment, following formulas need to be enabled and configured for branch server:

* Branch Network Formula, see xref:salt:formula-branchnetwork.adoc[]

> * Dhcpd Formula, see xref:salt:formula-bind.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bind Formula, see xref:salt:formula-bind.adoc[]
```

> * Bind Formula, see xref:salt:formula-dhcpd.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dhcpd Formula, see xref:salt:formula-dhcpd.adoc[]
```

* PXE Formula, see xref:salt:formula-pxe.adoc[]
* TFTP Formula, see xref:salt:formula-tftpd.adoc[]
* Vsftp Formula, see xref:salt:formula-vsftpd.adoc[]

> Optionally [systemitem]``Image Synchronization Formula`` can be enabled and configured as well, see xref:salt:formula-imagesync.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, [systemitem]``Image Synchronization Formula`` can also be enabled and configured.
For more information, see xref:salt:formula-imagesync.adoc[].
```

You can use the {productname} {webui} to apply common {productname} formulas.
For the most commonly used formulas, see xref:salt:formulas-intro.adoc[].

All formulas must be accurately configured for your {smr} installation to function correctly.
If you are unsure of the correct formula configuration details, run the [command]``retail_branch_init`` command before you begin to create the recommended formula configuration.
You can then manually edit the formulas as required.

> == {smr} Branch Server Formulas

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Branch Server Formulas
```

The entity won't render if it's at the beginning of the line.

> Branch servers are configured using formulas. Formulas can be configured using {susemgr} {webui}, and {susemgr} XMLRPC API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Branch servers are configured using formulas. 
Formulas can be configured using {susemgr} {webui}, or the {susemgr} XMLRPC API.
```

> To fully configure {smr} environment, following formulas need to be enabled and configured for branch server:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fully configure {smr}, these formulas need to be enabled and configured on the branch server:
```

> * Branch Network Formula, see xref:salt:formula-branchnetwork.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Branch network formula, see xref:salt:formula-branchnetwork.adoc[]
```

> * Bind Formula, see xref:salt:formula-bind.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Bind formula, see xref:salt:formula-bind.adoc[]
```

> * Dhcpd Formula, see xref:salt:formula-dhcpd.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* DHCPD formula, see xref:salt:formula-dhcpd.adoc[]
```

> * PXE Formula, see xref:salt:formula-pxe.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* PXE formula, see xref:salt:formula-pxe.adoc[]
```

> * TFTP Formula, see xref:salt:formula-tftpd.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* TFTP formula, see xref:salt:formula-tftpd.adoc[]
```

> * Vsftp Formula, see xref:salt:formula-vsftpd.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* VSFTP formula, see xref:salt:formula-vsftpd.adoc[]
```

> Optionally, [systemitem]``Image Synchronization Formula`` can also be enabled and configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can also enable the image synchronization formula.
```

For more information, see xref:salt:formula-imagesync.adoc[].

[IMPORTANT]
====

> It is very easy to misconfigure formulas that may result in branch not working properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Badly configured formulas can result in the branch server failing.
```

Author: Well, the server will be running, just something will not work as expected. For example if someone misconfigure bind formula, terminal will get the proper ip address, will properly start saltboot, but then can fail because of bad hostname resolution.

Reviewer 2: How about this?

> Due to the generic nature of formulas it is difficult to do overall validation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because formulas are generic, it is difficult to perform overall validation of the settings.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not convinced this sentence is necessary, because it doesn't seem relevant to the reader. The important information is that screwing formulas up is bad, not the reason why developers find it hard to stop you screwing it up :wink:

Author: I agree, I'll remove the sentence.

> When in doubt, configure branch server by {smr} provided command line utilities and then fine tune individual formulas, see xref:retail:retail-install-setup.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that you configure the branch server using the {smr} command line utilities, and use individual formula settings for further tuning if required.
For more information, see xref:retail:retail-install-setup.adoc[].
```

====

> .State and Formula Name Collisions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
